content/pages/blog/category/link-building.md, before:

---
title: Link Building
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: All Posts In Link Building
    align: center
  - type: blog_feed_section
    show_recent: false
    category: content/data/categories/link-buiilding.yaml
seo:
  title: Posts Related to Link Building | SEO Expert in Bangalore
  description: This is the category archive page
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Posts in Link Building
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the category archive page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Posts in Link Building
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the category archive page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---

Commit message:

link-building.md: updated description in seo

content/pages/blog/category/link-building.md, after:

---
title: Link Building
sections:
  - type: hero_section
    title: All Posts In Link Building
    align: center
  - type: blog_feed_section
    show_recent: false
    category: content/data/categories/link-buiilding.yaml
seo:
  title: Posts Related to Link Building | SEO Expert in Bangalore
  description: Posts Related to Link Building | SEO Expert in Bangalore
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: website
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: Posts in Link Building
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: This is the category archive page
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: images/1.png
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: Posts in Link Building
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: This is the category archive page
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: images/1.png
      relativeUrl: true
layout: advanced
---
