content/pages/blog/what-is-an-infographic-in-seo.md, before:

---
title: What is an Infographic in SEO?
date: '2021-10-28'
author: content/data/team/vijay-kumar.yaml
categories:
  - content/data/categories/news.yaml
image: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
image_alt: Post 1 placeholder image
excerpt: >-
  Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a larger
  word count? Read on to find out.
seo:
  title: What is an SEO-Friendly URL?
  description: >-
    Before we dive into understanding what exactly is an SEO friendly URL, let
    us first understand what is a URL.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: What is an Infographic in SEO?
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        An infographic is a visual representation of content. Simply put, it is
        an ‘information graphic’.It is a combination of images and text that
        simplifies a message and conveys it to your audience quickly.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: What is an Infographic in SEO?
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        An infographic is a visual representation of content. Simply put, it is
        an ‘information graphic’.It is a combination of images and text that
        simplifies a message and conveys it to your audience quickly.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
tags:
  - seo friendly url
  - seo
---
Before we dive into understanding what exactly is an SEO friendly URL, let us first understand what is a URL.

Commit message:

what-is-an-infographic-in-seo.md: updated description in seo

content/pages/blog/what-is-an-infographic-in-seo.md, after:

---
title: What is an Infographic in SEO?
date: '2021-10-28'
author: content/data/team/vijay-kumar.yaml
categories:
  - content/data/categories/news.yaml
image: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
image_alt: Post 1 placeholder image
excerpt: >-
  Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a larger
  word count? Read on to find out.
seo:
  title: What is an SEO-Friendly URL?
  description: >-
    An infographic is a visual representation of content. Simply put, it is an
    ‘information graphic’.It is a combination of images and text that simplifies
    a message and conveys it to your audience quickly.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: What is an Infographic in SEO?
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: >-
        An infographic is a visual representation of content. Simply put, it is
        an ‘information graphic’.It is a combination of images and text that
        simplifies a message and conveys it to your audience quickly.
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: What is an Infographic in SEO?
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        An infographic is a visual representation of content. Simply put, it is
        an ‘information graphic’.It is a combination of images and text that
        simplifies a message and conveys it to your audience quickly.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: /images/What is an Infographic in SEO.jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
tags:
  - seo friendly url
  - seo
---
Before we dive into understanding what exactly is an SEO friendly URL, let us first understand what is a URL.
