content/pages/blog/what-is-an-seo-friendly-url.md, before:

---
title: What is an SEO-Friendly URL?
date: '2021-10-28'
author: content/data/team/vijay-kumar.yaml
categories:
  - content/data/categories/news.yaml
image: /images/What is an SEO-Friendly URL.jpg
image_alt: Post 1 placeholder image
excerpt: >-
  Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a larger
  word count? Read on to find out.
seo:
  title: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
  description: >-
    Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a
    larger word count? Read on to find out.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit'
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: /images/What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings (1).jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a
        larger word count? Read on to find out.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: /images/What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings (1).jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
tags:
  - lorem-ipsum
  - lorem-ipsum
---
Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a larger word count? Read on to find out.

An ongoing debate in SEO concerns the length of content and whether it has an impact on rankings. There are claims that Google considers word count as a factor for search results, indicating that high word counts indicate high-quality content.

We should investigate those claims and settle the debate around the importance of word count.

### **The Claim: Length of content affects ranking**

It is believed that having more content than your competitors will help you rank higher in search engine results. According to [SEO experts](https://www.seoexpertbengaluru.com/), a larger word count can assist in increasing your ranking position based on the theory that word count is an indicator of content quality.There are some experts who recommend a specific word count as a "sweet spot" for landing on the first page of Google. These claims lead companies and marketers to believe they must stretch their content to reach a certain word count in order to be competitive. How Content Length Affects Rankings

In the Reddit thread where an SEO asks how to analyze word counts in a SERP, Google's John Mueller says exactly that. After reviewing all the information available, it is clear that word count is not a ranking factor.

> According to him:“Word count is not a ranking factor. Save yourself the trouble.”

According to Mueller, content quality is not determined by word count:

> "Quality is not determined by the number of words. For example, some pages contain many words that don't convey anything. Other times, very few words convey very significant information. If the details are relevant to your content (hopefully), it is up to you to decide."

As another example, Mueller explains that adding more text to a page won't improve it from Google's perspective:

> "Our point of view is that the number of words on a page has no impact on quality or ranking".

Therefore, adding more and more text to a page doesn't make it better."

#### **Summary of My Findings**

It has been confirmed that the word count is not a ranking factor. Google is most concerned with satisfying the user's intent when ranking search results. To convey what a searcher needs to know, it may take 50 words, 100 words, or 1,000 words. It varies based on the query. A short piece of content is more than capable of ranking on the first page if a user seeks a quick answer to a question. Shortening content to fit a word count should not be done.

Commit message:

what-is-an-seo-friendly-url.md: updated markdown_content

content/pages/blog/what-is-an-seo-friendly-url.md, after:

---
title: What is an SEO-Friendly URL?
date: '2021-10-28'
author: content/data/team/vijay-kumar.yaml
categories:
  - content/data/categories/news.yaml
image: /images/What is an SEO-Friendly URL.jpg
image_alt: Post 1 placeholder image
excerpt: >-
  Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a larger
  word count? Read on to find out.
seo:
  title: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
  description: >-
    Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a
    larger word count? Read on to find out.
  extra:
    - name: 'og:type'
      value: article
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:title'
      value: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:description'
      value: 'Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit'
      keyName: property
    - name: 'og:image'
      value: /images/What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings (1).jpg
      keyName: property
      relativeUrl: true
    - name: 'twitter:card'
      value: summary_large_image
    - name: 'twitter:title'
      value: What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings?
    - name: 'twitter:description'
      value: >-
        Are higher search rankings on Google more likely to be achieved with a
        larger word count? Read on to find out.
    - name: 'twitter:image'
      value: /images/What Role Does Content Length Play in Google Rankings (1).jpg
      relativeUrl: true
layout: post
tags:
  - lorem-ipsum
  - lorem-ipsum
---
Before we dive into understanding what exactly is an SEO friendly URL, let us first understand what is a URL.

A **Uniform Resource Locator**, shortened to URL, is the virtual address given to an online resource on the World Wide Web (WWW). Just like your house has an address to understand where exactly you are located, websites also have addresses that typically provide information about them. Users and search engines access websites using their URLs. You can find the URL in the address bar of the web browser. The URL was developed by the Father of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners-Lee and Internet Engineering Task Force in 1994.

### Structure of a URL

A URL is mainly divided into 3 parts,

Protocol – Domain/Hostname – Path/Filename 

For example: https://www.example.com/test.html

> **Protocol**
>
>  is an identifier that is used to access the resource. In the above example, https is the protocol used for data transfer between the browser and the website.

> **Domain/Hostname**
>
>  is the name of the website you are trying to access and where the resource is located. As shown above, www.example.com is the website you want to browse.

> **Path/Filename**
>
>  is the resource or file you want to access. The path can contain query strings, parameters, and fragments. In the example, the file you want is named test.html.

To summarize the example, you are trying to access the file, “test.html” in the domain “www.example.com” using the protocol “https”.

### What is an SEO-Friendly URL?

Many dynamic websites auto-generate URLs as part of developer coding. This results in the creation of URLs such as http://a.com/ghsgfj=sys?1112255?dfgf#hjhj which is not reader friendly. 

This is a problem, not just for users, but also for machines trying understand what information the URL is trying to push, creating a dilemma when it comes to displaying it as a search result. Take the following example. If the URL above, http://a.com/ghsgfj=sys?1112255?dfgf#hjhj, is created as http://a.com/mobiles/nokia/lumia-phone, it automatically becomes intelligible. 

Through the latter, you can easily tell that the page talks about Lumia Phone under the Nokia category, which in turn comes under the Mobiles category. When information is provided as such, the user and the machine are easily able to understand what the page is about. This is known as an SEO-Friendly URL.

In order to create SEO friendly URLs, categorize your business process first and create URLs for each category and sub-category of services. The category names will become the keywords in your URL which is an added advantage for ranking in search results. Such URLs, that are both reader and search crawlers-friendly, along with keyword in the URL will have a better chance of ranking higher in SERPs with a good clickthrough rate.
